feat: changelogs changes (#408)
plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa: docs/changelog/changelog_en.md

# Changelog plentyshopPWA

> ## v1.4.0 (2024-04-08) <a href="https://github.com/plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa/compare/v1.3.0...v1.4.0" target="_blank" rel="noopener">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## v1.4.0 (2024-04-15) <a href="https://github.com/plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa/compare/v1.3.0...v1.4.0" target="_blank" rel="noopener">
```

### Migration guide

- The upload action was changed [.github/workflows/upload.yml](https://github.com/plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa/compare/v1.3.0...v1.4.0#diff-8cf0b5fae548aab9bd49f5020da9c0e35d281984b82b8a5358ffb1c1ae5bec13L5) update the file to make use of the [config feature](https://pwa-docs.plentymarkets.com/guide/setup/deployment#config)

> - We now require an access token to make requests to the plentysystems API. [guide](todo)

Reviewer: Would be good if we could add the correct name here. I don't think it is called access token right? Also the Guide inside the documentation needs to be linked here!

# Changelog plentyshopPWA

## v1.4.0 (2024-04-08) <a href="https://github.com/plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa/compare/v1.3.0...v1.4.0" target="_blank" rel="noopener">

### Migration guide

- The upload action was changed [.github/workflows/upload.yml](https://github.com/plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa/compare/v1.3.0...v1.4.0#diff-8cf0b5fae548aab9bd49f5020da9c0e35d281984b82b8a5358ffb1c1ae5bec13L5) update the file to make use of the [config feature](https://pwa-docs.plentymarkets.com/guide/setup/deployment#config)

> - We now require an access token to make requests to the plentymarkets api. [guide](todo)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We now require an access token to make requests to the plentysystems API. [guide](todo)
```

> - We now require an PWA Security Token to make requests to the plentysystems API. [setup guide](https://pwa-docs.plentymarkets.com/guide/how-to/middleware#api-security-token)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We now require an API Security Token to make requests to the plentysystems API. [setup guide](https://pwa-docs.plentymarkets.com/guide/how-to/middleware#api-security-token)
```

- Category routing has been updated, and the /c prefix has been removed. Please verify that no static URLs in your application still include /c.
  - To accommodate the /c routing change, the [category page](https://github.com/plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa/compare/v1.3.0...v1.4.0#diff-2f61484eb978aa090fc50dcba90bc44813b45081f25dbff295434cdf6bf219a4) was moved from apps/web/pages/category/[slug].vue to apps/web/pages/[...slug].vue.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### New

- a ‘Previous’ button to the return form for easier navigation.
- Added tag display on single item and category views.

> - a box component for selecting item attributes, enhancing user interaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- a box component for selecting item attributes, enhancing user interaction
- an image component for selecting item attributes, enhancing user interaction
```

- possibility to mark a primary address for improved address management

> - Added image attributes on item images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# Changelog plentyshopPWA

## v1.4.0 (2024-04-08) <a href="https://github.com/plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa/compare/v1.3.0...v1.4.0" target="_blank" rel="noopener">

### Migration guide

- The upload action was changed [.github/workflows/upload.yml](https://github.com/plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa/compare/v1.3.0...v1.4.0#diff-8cf0b5fae548aab9bd49f5020da9c0e35d281984b82b8a5358ffb1c1ae5bec13L5) update the file to make use of the [config feature](https://pwa-docs.plentymarkets.com/guide/setup/deployment#config)
- We now require an access token to make requests to the plentymarkets api. [guide](todo)
- Category routing has been updated, and the /c prefix has been removed. Please verify that no static URLs in your application still include /c.
  - To accommodate the /c routing change, the [category page](https://github.com/plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa/compare/v1.3.0...v1.4.0#diff-2f61484eb978aa090fc50dcba90bc44813b45081f25dbff295434cdf6bf219a4) was moved from apps/web/pages/category/[slug].vue to apps/web/pages/[...slug].vue.

### New

> 

Reviewer 2: We added the following:

Author: Is this supposed to replace "New"? Then it would break with the Format of all other changelog entries made to the PWA yet. @plentyofDennis

Reviewer: We leave it as is for now

> - Added a ‘Previous’ button to the return form for easier navigation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- a ‘Previous’ button to the return form for easier navigation
```

> - Added tag displays to single items and category views.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- tag displays to single items and category views
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added tag display on single item and category views.
```

> - Added a box component for selecting item attributes, enhancing user interaction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- a box component for selecting item attributes, enhancing user interaction
```

Reviewer: German translation is missing something in comparison @plentyofDennis

Reviewer 2: Eine Box-Komponente zum Auswählen von Artikelattributen, um die Nutzerinteraktion zu erhöhen

> - Added the possibility to mark a primary address for improved address management.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- possibility to mark a primary address for improved address management
```

Reviewer: German translation is missing something in comparison @plentyofDennis

Reviewer 2: Möglichkeit, die Hauptadresse zu markieren, um die Adressenverwaltung zu verbessern

> - Added image attributes on item images.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- image attributes on item images.
```

Reviewer: What is this about @N-Feist

Author: related pr: https://github.com/plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa/pull/355. @Tim-M-S

> - Performed an Nuxt upgrade.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer 2: add to ###Change

Reviewer: please add version @N-Feist

> - Added an item availability display to provide inventory status.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- item availability display to provide inventory status
```

> - Added a sitemap generation feature for static content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- sitemap generation feature for static content.
```

> - Added a display for bundle items in item, cart, checkout, and order summary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- display for bundle items in item, cart, checkout, and order summary
```

> - Added performance optimization for wishlist calls.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- performance optimisation for wishlist calls
```

> - Added a ‘config’ repository variable to the upload action.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- ‘config’ repository variable to the upload action
```

> - Added a unified address handling in a single component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- unified address handling in a single component
```

> - Added support for the modern image format (AVIF).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- support for the modern image format (AVIF)
```

> - Added a search by tags.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- search by tags
```

> - Added an order return confirmation page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- order return confirmation page
```

### Changed

> - Removed unnecessary nodes to reduce DOM size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed unnecessary HTML nodes to reduce DOM size.
```

- Changed filenames of legal pages.
- Optimized i18n imports.

> - Unified the design of remove buttons.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Unified the design of 'Remove' buttons.
```

- Changed the return layout from a popup to its own page.
- Removed ‘…/c/…’ as category URL identifier for cleaner URLs.
- Modified the order of address format.
- Updated the styling of the order confirmation page.

> - Implemented different image URLs for different window sizes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Implemented different imagesize URLs for different viewport sizes.
```

- Moved the ‘delete from wishlist’ button to the top right.

> - Updated the upload action.

Reviewer: Need more information on this one

Author: PR related to the 'Updated upload action.' text: https://github.com/plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa/pull/373 @Tim-M-S

### Fixed

- Improved the image quality on the wishlist.

> - fixed validation for return quantity and reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- added validation for return quantity and reason during return creation.
```

- Updated the order quantity after making a return.
- Fixed the styling of the attribute select arrow.
- Fixed the styling of price buttons filter.
- Adjusted the return form for mobile return orders.
- Fixed the behavior and name of the ‘Back to Shopping’ button.

> - Fixed a bug with search autocomplete where an email address will be filled in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where an email address was added to the searchbar via autocomplete.
```

- Unified the styling of input heights.
- Unified the styling of order properties.
- Fixed styling issues on radio buttons and adjusted spacing on checkboxes and coupons.
- Fixed the styling and wording on the new return page.

> - Excluded certain pages from the sitemap normally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Excluded certain pages from the sitemap.
```

> - Fixed the function of the “Product” button in the navbar for mobile device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed the function of the 'Product' button in the navbar for mobile device.
```

> - Fixed the canonical language path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Canonical URL includes currently selected language path.
```

> - Fixed the format of legal text for mobile devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the format of legal text on small display sizes.
```

- Fixed the header color on mobile devices, to have a unified look and feel.
- Ensured the cart does not clear after a failed order process.
- Fixed homepage layout shifts and deliver fixed image sizes.

> - Fixed missing translations on the homepage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added missing translations on the homepage.
```

- Fixed the issue where a hard load after language switch leads to a 404 error.

> - Fixed the missing wishlist navigation button on mobile devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the missing wishlist navigation button on mobile devices.
```

- Fixed the link to the contribution guidelines in the documentation.

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
